battery installation for iphone 3g and
3gs first turn off your iPhone
remove the SIM card for your safety then
take the I tool and remove the two
screws by the docking port now use your
eye tool and suction cup and pull up
gently on the screen not pull them all
the way apart because it's still
connected to the logic board
you
now disconnect cables one two and four
under ribbon number two you will need to
unclip ribbon number three and move it
to the side next you will want to use
the screwdriver and lift up on number
six
next you're going to want to unscrew the
camera
you
then you're going to want to remove
seven screws from the main board
remember which screws went where it
often helps if you lay them out the way
you took them off after removing all of
the screws gently lift up on the
motherboard and slide back
after removing the mainboard use the I
tool to gently lift the battery out of
the back casing replace the old battery
with the new one
now you're going to want to reverse the
process replace the main board making
sure it's in the correct position
after placing the motherboard back in
its place clip the screws back in in the
correct order after screwing the mother
board in place make sure that all
connections are secure
then screw the camera back on
after making sure all connections are
secured place the glass back in at the
top first
first secure connection three then two
then one
then slowly put press the glass into
place
and replace the two screws near the dock
connector
then reinsert your SIM card and start
the iphone backup battery installation
is complete